Update documentation of hooks LIFO order (#3013)
kedro-org/kedro: docs/source/extend_kedro/plugins.md

    pipeline = pipelines["__default__"]
    print(pipeline.to_json())
```
From version 0.18.14, Kedro replaced `setup.py` with `pyproject.toml`. The plugin needs to provide entry points in either file. If you are using `setup.py`, please refer to the [`0.18.13` version of documentations](https://docs.kedro.org/en/0.18.13/extend_kedro/plugins.html).

To add the entry point to `pyproject.toml`, the plugin needs to provide the following `entry_points` configuration:
```toml
[project.entry-points."kedro.project_commands"]

> kedrojson = kedrojson.plugin.commands

Reviewer: oops, typo

Author: I did test it with the plugin hooks🥲 maybe I mess it up when I  copy-paste it back to the doc. Thanks for spotting this.

    pipeline = pipelines["__default__"]
    print(pipeline.to_json())
```

> Starting from 0.18.14, Kedro switch to replace `setup.py` with `pyproject.toml`. The plugin need to provide the entry points in either file.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
From version 0.18.14, Kedro replaced `setup.py` with `pyproject.toml`. The plugin needs to provide entry points in either file.
```

Author: @stichbury We have moved to `pyproject.toml` if you created starter with the new version, but there are projects created with older version of Kedro and they only upgrade `kedro` but not the project template. Maybe its's too confusing and I should just keep the new one?

> To use `pyproject.toml`, specifiy

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To add the entry point to `pyproject.toml`, specify it as follows:
```

```toml
[project.entry-points."kedro.project_commands"]
kedrojson = kedrojson.plugin.commands
```

> To use `setup.py`, the plugin need to provide the following `entry_points` config in `setup.py`:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To use `setup.py`, the plugin needs to provide the following `entry_points` configuration in `setup.py`:
```

The `directory` argument is optional and should be used when you have multiple templates in one repository as for the [official kedro-starters](https://github.com/kedro-org/kedro-starters). If you only have one template, your top-level directory will be treated as the template. For an example, see the [pandas-iris starter](https://github.com/kedro-org/kedro-starters/tree/main/pandas-iris).

In your `pyproject.toml`, you need to register the specifications to `kedro.starters`:

```toml
[project.entry-points."kedro.starters"]

> starter = plugin.starters

Reviewer: Shouldn't this be `plugin:starters`? (Same typo as above)

## Hooks

You can develop hook implementations and have them automatically registered to the project context when the plugin is installed.

> To enable this for your custom plugin, simply add the following entry in your `pyproject.toml`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To enable this for your custom plugin, simply add the following entry in `pyproject.toml`
```

> To use `pyproject.toml`, specifiy

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To use `pyproject.toml`, specify
```

## CLI Hooks

> You can also develop hook implementations to extend Kedro's CLI behaviour in your plugin. To find available CLI hooks, please visit [kedro.framework.cli.hooks](/kedro.framework.cli.hooks). To register CLI hooks developed in your plugin with Kedro, add the following entry in your project's `pyproject.toml`:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can also develop Hook implementations to extend Kedro's CLI behaviour in your plugin. To find available CLI Hooks, please visit [kedro.framework.cli.hooks](/kedro.framework.cli.hooks). To register CLI Hooks developed in your plugin with Kedro, add the following entry in your project's `pyproject.toml`:
```

```toml
[project.entry-points."kedro.cli_hooks"]
plugin_name = plugin_name.plugin.cli_hooks
```

> (where `plugin.py` is the module where you declare hook implementations):

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
(where `plugin.py` is the module where you declare Hook implementations):
```

setup(entry_points={"kedro.cli_hooks": ["plugin_name = plugin_name.plugin:cli_hooks"]})
```

> Alternatively, to use `pyproject.toml`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Alternatively, to use `pyproject.toml`:
```

```toml
[project.entry-points."kedro.cli_hooks"]
plugin_name = plugin_name.plugin.cli_hooks
```

> where `plugin.py` is the module where you declare hook implementations:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
(where `plugin.py` is the module where you declare hook implementations):
```

## Community-developed plugins

> See the full list of plugins using the GitHub repository [awesome-kedro](https://github.com/kedro-org/awesome-kedro?tab=readme-ov-file#kedro-plugins).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A comprehensive list of plugins is published on the [`awesome-kedro`](https://github.com/kedro-org/awesome-kedro?tab=readme-ov-file#kedro-plugins) GitHub repository.
```
